---
layout: post
title: "quizz3"
date: "2015-11-15"
---

Module 3 Quiz

10 preguntas
1.
As discussed in Module 3, many of the rehearsal strategies discussed in this course presume which of the following?

a) A balanced instrumentation

b) A balanced list of repertoire for the concert

c) Musicians in the ensemble with at least 4 years of training

d) The physical technique necessary to implement the suggestions and strategies
2.
The main disadvantage of mirroring too much when conducting is that:

a) It can become confusing for the musicians to watch.

b) It becomes tiring for your arms.

c) If your baton breaks or cracks then it gives you ten years of bad luck.

d) It means that your left hand cannot communicate details of expression, dynamics, and style.
3.
In rehearsal, an effective way to develop an internalized sense of subdivision is to:

a) Externalize that subdivision through exercises in which the musicians literally play the subdivision out loud.

b) Attaching a metronome to everyone’s instrument.

c) Counting loudly while conducting through all passages.

d) Repeatedly asking students to internalize the subdivision.
4.
Bopping is useful for all of the following except:

a) Articulation

b) Rhythmic clarity

c) Dynamics

d) Bringing out moving voices
5.
Singing is useful for all of the following except:

a) Technical facility

b) Intonation

c) Style

d) Saving chops and embouchure strength
6.
Slowing down the tempo is useful for all of the following except:

a) Working on technique

b) Refining details of articulation and dynamics

c) Listening for intonation issues

d) Making sure keys and valves are well-adjusted
7.
Which of the following is an important component of effective score study?

a) Learning about the history of a piece and its composer

b) Doing a thorough analysis of form, harmony, melody, rhythm, and orchestration

c) Making interpretative decisions based on previous analysis

d) All of the above
8.
Which of the following is NOT a rhythmic problem for which a conductor usually must listen?

a) Compression of dotted rhythms

b) Players making up rhythms instead of reading their parts

c) Rushing

d) Sloppy entrances
9.
Which of the following is NOT a dynamic problem for which a conductor must listen?

a) Crescendo that peaks too late

b) Decrescendo that happens too quickly

c) Crescendos during which players inadvertently change notes

d) Changing tone quality during a dynamic change
10.
Which of the following is NOT a typical way of using the left hand while conducting?

a) Shaping a phrase

b) Mirroring

c) Cues

d) Helping flutes with awkward trills
